Today,Peppa and her
friends are going on a train ride.
Mr. Rabbit is the station master.
How many tickets?
One, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine ,ten.
Ten child tickets and
one teacher tickets, please.
Now, children, do not lose these tickets.
Can I see your tickets, please?
I've lost my tickets.
Oh, dear Pedro, you must be more careful.
There is your ticket.
Try not to lose it again.
Here comes the train.
Miss Rabbit is the train driver.
All aboard.
Hooray!
Aho. Here are your activity sheets
The children have to spot
everything that is on the activity sheet.
A boat.
A signal box.
And a tunnel.
I can see trees.
Are trees on the list?
Ah, no.
I can see clouds.
Are clouds on the list?
No.
I can see Granddad Dog.
Aye hi, there.
Hello, Granddad Dog.
Is Granddad dog on the list?
Silly Peppa, my
granddad won't be on the list.
But he is sailing a boat.
And a boat is on the list.
Hooray!
The children tick the
boat on their activity sheets.
Tickets, please.
Mr Rabbit has come
to check everyone's ticket.
I think I've lost my ticket.
Oh, dear lord, dear."
Meow, there's your ticket.
Pedro, you are sitting on it.
Now you try not to lose it again, Pedro.
The train is going slowly uphills.
the train is going quickly down hills.
Madam Gazelle. I feel a bit sick,
can I go to the front, please?
Ok, Pedro, you can
go to the front of the train.
Hello, Pedro, not feeling very well?
Would you like to drive the train for a bit?"
Yes, please.
A signal box,
That's on our list,
Hooray!
The children tick the
signal box on their activity sheets.
The signal has stopped the train so
that someone important could cross.
It's Mrs Duck and her friends.
Oh, we still haven't seen the tunnel.
It's going dark
We're in a tunnel.
The tunnel is the last
thing on the activity sheet.
Hooray!
Last stop.
Wall change, everybody off now.
But Madam Gazelle,
how are we going to get home?
Peppa, we're back where we started.
The train has gone in a big circle.
Tickets, please.
Pedro’s lost his ticket again.
Pedro, can I have my hat back, please?
There's Pedro's ticket.
Oh, that's where I put it.